How are you so useless?
Sī Sī
Could it be
You don’t want to help me?
Why… why should I
Help a useless guy like you?
Fù Jiā Hào
You’re still dreaming
Of being Dōng Hǎi’s Young Master Fù?
What do you mean?
Fù Jiā Hào
Tell me
Why are you so pathetic?
Can’t even beat a Qín Ruò Yǔ
Not only bankrupt
But with broken arms and legs
A total cripple
I must’ve been blind
To follow you
So you didn’t come to visit me
But to kick me while I’m down
Fù Jiā Hào
You don’t think
I actually liked you, do you?
The Jiǎng family is declining
Otherwise, why would I follow you?
You?
You were just a
Tool for me to climb higher
Sī Sī
All these years we’ve been together
You’ve had
No real feelings for me at all?
Real feelings?
Fù Jiā Hào
You have the nerve to talk about real feelings with me?
Have you seen these scars?
Have you seen them?